so this is the nexus 7 keyboard Keith
ish thing so this is the case still
rubbery you saw the design very close to
the Nexus rubbery design not quite the
same rubber but still I robbery feel
well it's a little rock and pop that off
you get akiza one a little small for my
fingers but I'll get used to it take the
next plop it down in chest and rotate
turn on bluetooth
turn on the p1
I'm just keeping it active so hopefully
they have let's use it
hmm it's not dead i don't think yep yeah
i got unpaired and repair it shouldn't
have to do that but um shouldn't be like
that okay should be entering a pant here
here something's messed up okay let's
turn that off take this out of pairing
mode turn bluetooth back on one okay
it's not there so let's turn it on turn
it into pairing mode again oh crap oh
it's awful yep there we go okay search
for devices there we go 6 9 9 9 16
there we go today you have a whoa okay
you can never get the home in you if I
had anything there I can go to hear
control my apps I can
to a notepad I'm go into a note and I
can initial text oh crap yeah back in
there there you so you can understand
yeah and then when you're done with it
well i'm done with at least well what i
do is get that bluetooth this it's not
the most friendly switch I can't
complain too much $20 really and see
surf is a front cover and keyboard for
nexus in good